[DOCS] Release Policy + torch.compile updates for master (#22881)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/about-openvino/release-notes-openvino/release-policy.rst

|    OpenVINO™ is published multiple times a year. Each regular release is supported until the
     next version arrives, making it suitable for:

* Dynamically developed solutions, benefiting from the newest technologies.
* Products requiring frequent changes in supported hardware, libraries, operating systems, and models.

| `Long-Term Support (LTS) <long-term-support-policy>`__:
|    Each year’s final release becomes a Long-Term Support version, which continues to be supported
     with bug fixes and security updates, even after newer versions are published. Therefore,
     LTS is advised for production environments where:

* The highest level of security and stability is required.
* There is no need for frequent changes in hardware or model support.
* Upgrading is challenging, e.g., due to high software complexity.

| `Nightly packages <nightly-packages>`__:
|    OpenVINO also offers nightly packages, as a preview of most recent changes. Due to potential
     stability and performance issues, these should never be used for production purposes.
     Instead, they may serve:

* Early integration testing.
* Previewing newest features/improvements.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Regular release information**

Regular releases are published when significant new features and bug fixes have been completed
and validated. This results in the cadence of around one or two months. The target changes are:

* New features of gold quality, as well as Beta features, labeled as “preview.”
* Key bug fixes.
* Newest HW support.

```

* Previewing newest features/improvements.

Long-Term Support Policy
###########################

**LTS Lifecycle**

* New LTS releases are published at the end of every year cycle.
* An LTS release receives security updates for the duration of the entire LTS period, which is two years
  (or until superseded by two consecutive LTS versions).
* An LTS release receives updates targeting newly recognized bugs for the period of one year.

**Components covered by LTS**

* Not all components associated with the OpenVINO™ toolkit are covered by the LTS policy.
  The following elements are not guaranteed to receive updates:
* Components in the deprecation period.
* Components not directly connected to the OpenVINO™ workflow, such as: Samples, demos, and Jupyter notebooks.
* Code samples used in component testing.

**LTS Testing**

* **No regression allowed:** each user issue must be covered with the corresponding regression test.
* **White-box:** Unit, behavior, and functional tests.
* **Black-box:** Performance, backward compatibility, load (7x24) and stress testing.
* **Security:** Code coverage, static analysis, BDBA scans, and others.

Nightly Packages
###########################

> OpenVINO nightly packages are released every workday.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO nightly packages are released every workday. They are the first source of priority bug
fixes reported for the previous versions. 
```

Release Policy
=============================================================================

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

OpenVINO offers releases of three different types: Regular, Long-Term Support, and Nightly,
each targeting a different use case. 

```

  (or until superseded by two consecutive LTS versions).
* An LTS release receives updates targeting newly recognized bugs for the period of one year.

**Components covered by LTS**

* Not all components associated with the OpenVINO™ toolkit are covered by the LTS policy.
  The following elements are not guaranteed to receive updates:
* Components in the deprecation period.
* Components not directly connected to the OpenVINO™ workflow, such as: Samples, demos, and Jupyter notebooks.
* Code samples used in component testing.

**LTS Testing**

* **No regression allowed:** each user issue must be covered with the corresponding regression test.
* **White-box:** Unit, behavior, and functional tests.
* **Black-box:** Performance, backward compatibility, load (7x24) and stress testing.
* **Security:** Code coverage, static analysis, BDBA scans, and others.

Nightly Packages
###########################

OpenVINO nightly packages are released every workday. They are the first source of priority bug
fixes reported for the previous versions. 
The following package distributions are available for installation:

.. tab-set::

>    .. tab-item:: OV Archives on S3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tab-item:: Downloadable Archives
```

      :sync: archives-s3

>       1. Go to `OpenVINO Nightly Packages on S3 <https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/repositories/openvino/packages/nightly/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. Go to `OpenVINO Nightly Packages <https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/repositories/openvino/packages/nightly/>`__.
```

      2. Select a package you want to install.
      3. Download the archive for your platform.
      4. Unpack the archive in a convenient location.

>       5. Once unpacked, proceed as with a regular OpenVINO archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      5. Once unpacked, proceed as with a regular OpenVINO archive (see :doc:`installation guides <../../../get-started/install-openvino>`).
```

   .. tab-item:: OV Wheels on S3
      :sync: wheels-s3

>       PyPI repository deployed on AWS S3 (more details `here <https://peps.python.org/pep-0503/>`__ )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      PyPI repository deployed on AWS S3 (more details `here <https://peps.python.org/pep-0503/>`__)
```

>       enable the use of regular PyPI without the need to rename wheels. Installation commands vary depending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      enables the use of regular PyPI without the need to rename wheels. Installation commands vary depending
```

>       PyPI repository deployed on AWS S3 (more details `here <https://peps.python.org/pep-0503/>`__)
>       allow usage of a regular PyPI without renaming wheels. Installation commands vary depending
>       on the branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A PyPI repository deployed on AWS S3 (`see more details <https://peps.python.org/pep-0503/>`__)
      enable the use of regular PyPI without the need to rename wheels. Installation commands vary depending
      on the branch:
```

      .. tab-set::

        .. tab-item:: Master
           :sync: master

           .. code-block:: py

              pip install --pre openvino --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/nightly

        .. tab-item:: Release
           :sync: release

           * This command includes **Release Candidates**.
           * To use ``extra-index-url``, you need to pass a link containing ``simple``.
           * The ``–pre`` allows the installation of dev-builds.

           .. code-block:: py

              pip install --pre openvino --extra-index-url https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/simple/wheels/pre-release

   .. tab-item:: OV Wheels on PyPi (not recommended)
      :sync: wheels-pypi

>       .. warning::
> 
>          Python users should use the **OV Wheels on S3** package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Release Policy
=============================================================================

> OpenVINO offers releases of three different types: Regular, Long-Term Support, and Nightly,
> each targeting a different use case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO™ is published multiple times a year. Each regular release, reflected by a corresponding
branch in GitHub, is supported until the next version arrives, making it suitable for: 
```

* Early integration testing.
* Previewing newest features/improvements.

Long-Term Support Policy
###########################

**LTS Lifecycle**

* New LTS releases are published at the end of every year cycle.
* An LTS release receives security updates for the duration of the entire LTS period, which is two years
  (or until superseded by two consecutive LTS versions).
* An LTS release receives updates targeting newly recognized bugs for the period of one year.

**Components covered by LTS**

* Not all components associated with the OpenVINO™ toolkit are covered by the LTS policy.
  The following elements are not guaranteed to receive updates:
* Components in the deprecation period.
* Components not directly connected to the OpenVINO™ workflow, such as: Samples, demos, and Jupyter notebooks.
* Code samples used in component testing.

**LTS Testing**

* **No regression allowed:** each user issue must be covered with the corresponding regression test.
* **White-box:** Unit, behavior, and functional tests.
* **Black-box:** Performance, backward compatibility, load (7x24) and stress testing.
* **Security:** Code coverage, static analysis, BDBA scans, and others.

> .. _nightly-packages:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> .. {#release_policy}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Release Policy
=============================================================================

> | **Monthly release** :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Regular release** :
```

Release Policy
=============================================================================

OpenVINO offers releases of three different types: Regular, Long-Term Support, and Nightly,
each targeting a different use case. 

| `Regular releases <regular-release-information>`__
|    OpenVINO™ is published multiple times a year. Each regular release is supported until the
     next version arrives, making it suitable for:

* Dynamically developed solutions, benefiting from the newest technologies.
* Products requiring frequent changes in supported hardware, libraries, operating systems, and models.

> | :ref:`Long-Term Support (LTS) <long-term-support-policy>` :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Long-Term Support (LTS) <long-term-support-policy>`__:
```

|    Each year’s final release becomes a Long-Term Support version, which continues to be supported
     with bug fixes and security updates, even after newer versions are published. Therefore,
     LTS is advised for production environments where:

* The highest level of security and stability is required.
* There is no need for frequent changes in hardware or model support.

> * Upgrading is challenging, e.g., due to a high software complexity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgrading is challenging, e.g., due to high software complexity.
```

> | :ref:`Nightly packages <nightly-packages>` :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Nightly packages <nightly-packages>`__:
```

Release Policy
=============================================================================

OpenVINO offers releases of three different types: Regular, Long-Term Support, and Nightly,
each targeting a different use case. 

> | **Regular release** :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :ref:`Regular releases <regular-release-information>`
```

> |    OpenVINO™ is published when significant new features and bug fixes have been completed
>      and validated. Each regular release is supported until the next version arrives, making
>      it suitable for:
>      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|    OpenVINO™ is published multiple times a year. Each regular release is supported until the
     next version arrives, making it suitable for:
```

Release Policy
=============================================================================

> OpenVINO offers releases of three different types: Regular, Long-Term Support, and Nightly,
> each targeting a different use case. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|    OpenVINO™ is published multiple times a year. Each regular release is supported until the
     next version arrives, making it suitable for:

* Dynamically developed solutions, benefiting from the newest technologies.
* Products requiring frequent changes in supported hardware, libraries, operating systems, and models.

| `Long-Term Support (LTS) <long-term-support-policy>`__:
|    Each year’s final release becomes a Long-Term Support version, which continues to be supported
     with bug fixes and security updates, even after newer versions are published. Therefore,
     LTS is advised for production environments where:

* The highest level of security and stability is required.
* There is no need for frequent changes in hardware or model support.
* Upgrading is challenging, e.g., due to high software complexity.

| `Nightly packages <nightly-packages>`__:
|    OpenVINO also offers nightly packages, as a preview of most recent changes. Due to potential
     stability and performance issues, these should never be used for production purposes.
     Instead, they may serve:

* Early integration testing.
* Previewing newest features/improvements.

> **Regular release information**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regular release information
########################################
```

Release Policy
=============================================================================

OpenVINO offers releases of three different types: Regular, Long-Term Support, and Nightly,
each targeting a different use case. 

| `Regular releases <regular-release-information>`__
|    OpenVINO™ is published multiple times a year. Each regular release is supported until the
     next version arrives, making it suitable for:

> * Dynamically developed solutions, benefiting from the newest technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Previewing newest features/improvements.

Regular release information
########################################

Regular releases are published when significant new features and bug fixes have been completed
and validated. This results in the cadence of around one or two months. The target changes are:

* New features of gold quality, as well as Beta features, labeled as “preview.”
* Key bug fixes.
* Newest HW support.

Long-Term Support Policy
###########################

**LTS Lifecycle**

* New LTS releases are published at the end of every year cycle.
* An LTS release receives security updates for the duration of the entire LTS period, which is two years
  (or until superseded by two consecutive LTS versions).
* An LTS release receives updates targeting newly recognized bugs for the period of one year.

**Components covered by LTS**

* Not all components associated with the OpenVINO™ toolkit are covered by the LTS policy.
  The following elements are not guaranteed to receive updates:
* Components in the deprecation period.
* Components not directly connected to the OpenVINO™ workflow, such as: Samples, demos, and Jupyter notebooks.
* Code samples used in component testing.

> **LTS Testing**
> 
> * **No regression allowed:** each user issue must be covered with the corresponding regression test.
> * **White-box:** Unit, behavior, and functional tests.
> * **Black-box:** Performance, backward compatibility, load (7x24) and stress testing.
> * **Security:** Code coverage, static analysis, BDBA scans, and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
